Python 3.4.2 (v3.4.2:ab2c023a9432, Oct  6 2014, 22:16:31) [MSC v.1600 64 bit (AMD64)] on win32
Type "copyright", "credits" or "license()" for more information.
>>> ================================ RESTART ================================
>>> 
Opening: animation-animator.txt
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=425
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=425
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=425
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=439
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=439
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=439
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=445
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=445
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=445
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=445
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=445
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=445
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['ANI 450', 'Fall 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:14EAS 00512atLoop Campus', 'Dustin Carroll', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1223', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20161&ClassNbr=16745&fid=987969']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450

Course not added: ['ANI 450', 'Fall 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:14EAS LL104atLoop Campus', 'Dustin Carroll', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1223', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20161&ClassNbr=16745&fid=987969']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450

Course not added: ['ANI 450', 'Spring 2013-2014', 'Meeting time:TuTh10:10AM-11:40AM', 'Location:DPAUL C106BatLoop Campus', 'Dustin Carroll', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1223', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20143&ClassNbr=37163&fid=987969']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450

Course not added: ['ANI 450', 'Spring 2013-2014', 'Meeting time:TuTh10:10AM-11:40AM', 'Location:14EAS LL104atLoop Campus', 'Dustin Carroll', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1223', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20143&ClassNbr=37163&fid=987969']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: ANI 445
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=490

 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=490

 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=490

 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Opening: animation-ta.txt
Course already has been parsed: ANI 423
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=690
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=690
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=690
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=691
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=691
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=691
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: ANI 440
Course already has been parsed: ANI 452
Course already has been parsed: ANI 453
Course already has been parsed: ANI 444
Course already has been parsed: ANI 430
Course already has been parsed: ANI 432
Course already has been parsed: ANI 433
Course already has been parsed: ANI 435
Course already has been parsed: ANI 450
Course already has been parsed: ANI 450
Course already has been parsed: ANI 451
Course already has been parsed: ANI 430
Course already has been parsed: ANI 431
Course already has been parsed: ANI 432
Course already has been parsed: ANI 435
Course already has been parsed: ANI 436
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ANI&CatalogNbr=437
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: ANI 438
Course already has been parsed: ANI 439
Course already has been parsed: ANI 478
Course already has been parsed: GAM 690
Course already has been parsed: GAM 691
Opening: BIT.txt
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECT&CatalogNbr=424
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=554
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['ACC 500', 'Fall 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:F12:00PM-3:15PM', 'Location:DPAUL 07601atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['ACC 500', 'Fall 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:F12:00PM-3:15PM', 'Location:DPAUL 07601atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=573
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['PM 577', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00206atLoop Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34218&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=577

Course not added: ['PM 577', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00206atLoop Campus', 'Makoto Nakayama', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=107', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34218&fid=299982']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=577

Course not added: ['PM 577', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34219&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=577

Course not added: ['PM 577', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Makoto Nakayama', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=107', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34219&fid=299982']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=577

Opening: cinema-post.txt
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=420
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=475
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=475
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DC&CatalogNbr=475
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Opening: cinema-production.txt
Course already has been parsed: DC 409
Course already has been parsed: DC 461
Course already has been parsed: DC 420
Course already has been parsed: DC 462
Course already has been parsed: DC 475
Opening: cinema-sound.txt
Course already has been parsed: DC 409
Course already has been parsed: DC 461
Course already has been parsed: DC 420
Course already has been parsed: DC 415
Opening: cns-governance.txt
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=403
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=403
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=403
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=403
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=403
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=403
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CNS&CatalogNbr=477
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: ACC 500
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['ACC 541', 'Fall 2013-2014', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['ACC 541', 'Fall 2013-2014', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=541
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=547
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: IS 444
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['SE 526', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=526

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=468
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=511
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=511
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=511
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=511
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=511
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=511
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Opening: cns-networkSecurity.txt
Course already has been parsed: TDC 411
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=413
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=405
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CNS 418
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=TDC&CatalogNbr=463
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CNS 477
Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: TDC 511
Course already has been parsed: TDC 563
Course already has been parsed: TDC 577
Course already has been parsed: TDC 468
Course already has been parsed: TDC 562
Course already has been parsed: TDC 567
Course already has been parsed: TDC 560
Course already has been parsed: TDC 568
Course already has been parsed: ACC 500
Course already has been parsed: ACC 541
Course already has been parsed: ACC 547
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 440
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 557
Course already has been parsed: ECT 582
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: IS 444
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
Course already has been parsed: IS 506
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: TDC 468
Course already has been parsed: TDC 511
Course already has been parsed: TDC 560
Course already has been parsed: TDC 562
Course already has been parsed: TDC 563
Course already has been parsed: TDC 567
Course already has been parsed: TDC 568
Course already has been parsed: TDC 577
Course already has been parsed: CNS 594
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 698

Opening: cns-security.txt
Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', 'Marcus Schaefer', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=101', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20153&ClassNbr=30464&fid=299338']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01110atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00222atLoop Campus', 'John Rogers', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=800', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20153&ClassNbr=38143&fid=225925']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00222atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'John Rogers', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=800', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20153&ClassNbr=30465&fid=225925']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Marcus Schaefer', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=101', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20153&ClassNbr=38144&fid=299338']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['CSC 401', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=401
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: TDC 477
Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: TDC 577
Course already has been parsed: CNS 477
Course already has been parsed: CSC 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 557
Course already has been parsed: TDC 577
Course already has been parsed: ACC 500
Course already has been parsed: ACC 541
Course already has been parsed: ACC 547
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 440
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 557
Course already has been parsed: ECT 582
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: IS 444
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
Course already has been parsed: IS 506
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: TDC 468
Course already has been parsed: TDC 511
Course already has been parsed: TDC 560
Course already has been parsed: TDC 562
Course already has been parsed: TDC 563
Course already has been parsed: TDC 567
Course already has been parsed: TDC 568
Course already has been parsed: TDC 577
Course already has been parsed: CNS 594
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 698

Opening: comp-finance.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: ACC 500
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ECO&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=523
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=525
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=FIN&CatalogNbr=662
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Opening: comp-science.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=453
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=453
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=453
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=453
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=453
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=453
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=553
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=553
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=553
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=553
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=553
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=553
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=540
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: CNS 450
Course already has been parsed: GAM 690
Course already has been parsed: GAM 691
Course already has been parsed: TDC 568
Course already has been parsed: CSC 431
Course already has been parsed: CSC 440
Course already has been parsed: CSC 521
Course not added: ['CSC 531', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01510atLoop Campus', 'Iyad Kanj', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=272', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=36103&fid=31625']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=531

Course not added: ['CSC 531', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01510atLoop Campus', 'Jonathan Gemmell', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=494', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=36103&fid=368627']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=531

Course not added: ['CSC 531', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Iyad Kanj', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=272', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=36104&fid=31625']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=531

Course not added: ['CSC 531', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Jonathan Gemmell', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=494', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=36104&fid=368627']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=531

Course already has been parsed: CSC 557
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: CSC 425
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=482
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=482
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=482
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=482
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=482
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=482
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 433
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 549
Course already has been parsed: CSC 551
Course already has been parsed: CSC 553
Course already has been parsed: CSC 555
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 578
Course already has been parsed: CSC 481
Course already has been parsed: CSC 482
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=441
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GEO&CatalogNbr=442
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: SE 430
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=SE&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GAM&CatalogNbr=450
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 461
Course already has been parsed: GAM 690
Course already has been parsed: GAM 691
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=500
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Opening: e-commerce.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: ECT 424
Course already has been parsed: CSC 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: ECT 582
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=485
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=485
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=485
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=485
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=485
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=485
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
Course already has been parsed: CSC 454
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 543
Course already has been parsed: CSC 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 452
Course already has been parsed: SE 457
Course already has been parsed: SE 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 560
Course already has been parsed: ECT 589
Opening: game-development.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: CSC 461
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: GPH 469
Course already has been parsed: GAM 450
Course already has been parsed: GAM 490
Course already has been parsed: GAM 475
Course already has been parsed: GAM 575
Course already has been parsed: GAM 476
Course already has been parsed: CSC 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 443
Course already has been parsed: CSC 447
Course already has been parsed: CSC 448
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: CSC 462
Course already has been parsed: GAM 476
Course already has been parsed: CSC 480
Course already has been parsed: CSC 578
Course already has been parsed: CSC 583
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 477
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=438
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=539
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=539
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=539
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=539
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=539
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=GPH&CatalogNbr=539
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: GPH 570
Course already has been parsed: GPH 572
Course already has been parsed: GPH 580
Course already has been parsed: GPH 436
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: GAM 450
Course already has been parsed: GAM 453
Course already has been parsed: CSC 471
Course already has been parsed: GAM 486
Course already has been parsed: CSC 540
Course already has been parsed: GAM 690
Course already has been parsed: GAM 691
Opening: hci.txt
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=402
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=402
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=402
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=430
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=514
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=514
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=514
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=514
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=514
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=514
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01511atLoop Campus', 'Sunni Barbera', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1201', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20133&ClassNbr=35430&fid=124444']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01511atLoop Campus', 'Samuel Spicer', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1200', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20133&ClassNbr=35430&fid=294042']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Sunni Barbera', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1201', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20133&ClassNbr=35431&fid=124444']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Spring 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Samuel Spicer', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1200', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20133&ClassNbr=35431&fid=294042']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01207atLoop Campus', 'Sunni Barbera', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1201', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20132&ClassNbr=24749&fid=124444']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:Tu5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01207atLoop Campus', 'Samuel Spicer', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1200', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20132&ClassNbr=24749&fid=294042']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Sunni Barbera', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1201', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20132&ClassNbr=24750&fid=124444']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 454', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Samuel Spicer', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1200', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20132&ClassNbr=24750&fid=294042']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=454

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Summer 10 week 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:M5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00224atLoop Campus', 'Gavin Lew', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=603', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20156&ClassNbr=41771&fid=745359']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Summer 10 week 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:M5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00224atLoop Campus', 'Carl Beien', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1286', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20156&ClassNbr=41771&fid=1078203']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Summer 10 week 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Gavin Lew', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=603', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20156&ClassNbr=41772&fid=745359']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Summer 10 week 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Carl Beien', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1286', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20156&ClassNbr=41772&fid=1078203']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Fall 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01217atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Fall 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01217atLoop Campus', 'Gavin Lew', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=603', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20111&ClassNbr=15217&fid=745359']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Fall 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

Course not added: ['HCI 460', 'Fall 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Gavin Lew', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=603', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20111&ClassNbr=15234&fid=745359']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=460

Course already has been parsed: HCI 421
Course not added: ['HCI 530', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01105atLoop Campus', 'David Burns', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=448', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20152&ClassNbr=26967&fid=104811']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=530

Course not added: ['HCI 530', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01105atLoop Campus', 'Joi Roberts', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1273', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20152&ClassNbr=26967&fid=1059084']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=530

Course not added: ['HCI 530', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'David Burns', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=448', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20152&ClassNbr=26968&fid=104811']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=530

Course not added: ['HCI 530', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Joi Roberts', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=1273', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20152&ClassNbr=26968&fid=1059084']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=530

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HCI&CatalogNbr=580
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: SE 477
Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 587
Course already has been parsed: ECT 455
Course already has been parsed: ECT 480
Course already has been parsed: ECT 586
Course already has been parsed: GAM 424
Course already has been parsed: IS 485
Course already has been parsed: IS 570
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: MKT 555
Course already has been parsed: PM 430
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=404
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=473
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PSY&CatalogNbr=680
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Opening: health-informatics.txt
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=559
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=549
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:N/AatLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:N/AatLoop Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20162&ClassNbr=22908&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20162&ClassNbr=22909&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Fall 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00310atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Fall 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00310atLoop Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20161&ClassNbr=11771&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Fall 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Fall 2015-2016', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20161&ClassNbr=17431&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00310atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00310atLoop Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20153&ClassNbr=30614&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Spring 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20153&ClassNbr=30615&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:N/AatLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:W5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:N/AatLoop Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20152&ClassNbr=20736&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course not added: ['IPD 451', 'Winter 2014-2015', 'Meeting time:12:00AM-12:00AM', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Marco Chou', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=228', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20152&ClassNbr=20737&fid=339459']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IPD&CatalogNbr=451

Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: IS 467
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
Course already has been parsed: ECT 424
Course already has been parsed: TDC 478
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=515
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=522
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=522
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HTHC&CatalogNbr=522
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=590
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: HCI 512
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=433
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=599
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=599
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CSC&CatalogNbr=599
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 697
Opening: is-bi.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: IT 411
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: IS 467
Course already has been parsed: IS 549
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=456
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=456
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=456
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=456
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=456
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=456
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: IPD 451
Course already has been parsed: HCI 512
Course already has been parsed: GEO 441
Course already has been parsed: IS 577
Opening: is-bs.txt
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 422
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: IS 485
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: IS 431
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=440
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['IS 556', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['IS 556', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20132&ClassNbr=26058&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['IS 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00206atLoop Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34413&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['IS 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00206atLoop Campus', 'James Nowotarski', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=333', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34413&fid=409348']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['IS 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34414&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['IS 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'James Nowotarski', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=333', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34414&fid=409348']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=IS&CatalogNbr=556

Course already has been parsed: ECT 424
Course already has been parsed: ECT 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 582
Opening: is-da.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: IT 411
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 422
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
Course already has been parsed: IS 549
Course already has been parsed: CSC 454
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
Course already has been parsed: CSC 554
Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
Course already has been parsed: IS 536
Course already has been parsed: CNS 487
Course already has been parsed: IPD 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 577

Opening: is-enterprise.txt
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 422
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
Course already has been parsed: ECT 424
Course already has been parsed: IS 556
Course already has been parsed: IS 570
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: MGT 500
Course already has been parsed: CNS 440
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 536
Course already has been parsed: IS 540
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: IS 565
Course already has been parsed: ECT 556
Course already has been parsed: IS 577
Opening: is-standard.txt
Course already has been parsed: IS 421
Course already has been parsed: CSC 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 422
Course already has been parsed: IS 430
Course already has been parsed: IS 577
Opening: it-project.txt
Course already has been parsed: IS 500
Course already has been parsed: PM 430
Course already has been parsed: PM 440
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['PM 556', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['PM 556', 'Winter 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20132&ClassNbr=26055&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['PM 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00206atLoop Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34411&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['PM 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:Th5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:CDM 00206atLoop Campus', 'James Nowotarski', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=333', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34411&fid=409348']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['PM 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'Norma Sutcliffe', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=100', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34412&fid=299400']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556

Course not added: ['PM 556', 'Spring 2010-2011', 'Meeting time:-', 'Location:N/AatOnline Campus', 'James Nowotarski', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/about/pages/people/facultyinfo.aspx?fid=333', 'http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/classinfo.aspx?Term=20113&ClassNbr=34412&fid=409348']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=PM&CatalogNbr=556

Course already has been parsed: MGT 500
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: CNS 533
Course already has been parsed: IS 433
Course already has been parsed: IS 435
Course already has been parsed: IS 456
Course already has been parsed: IS 483
Course already has been parsed: IS 485
Course already has been parsed: IS 500
Course already has been parsed: IS 505
Course already has been parsed: IS 536
Course already has been parsed: IS 540
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: IS 565
Course already has been parsed: IS 579
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: ACC 500
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ACC&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['MGT 555', 'Dec Intersession 2013-2014', 'Meeting time:MTu6:00PM-9:15PM', 'Location:DPAUL 08209atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['MGT 555', 'Dec Intersession 2013-2014', 'Meeting time:FSa9:00AM-4:00PM', 'Location:DPAUL 08209atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['MGT 555', 'Dec Intersession 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:MTu6:00PM-9:15PM', 'Location:DPAUL 08203atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['MGT 555', 'Dec Intersession 2012-2013', 'Meeting time:FSa9:00AM-4:00PM', 'Location:DPAUL 08203atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=555
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=565
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: PM 577
Opening: media-arts.txt
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=CMNS&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DMA&CatalogNbr=527
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DMA&CatalogNbr=527
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=DMA&CatalogNbr=527
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MCS&CatalogNbr=575
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MCS&CatalogNbr=575
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MCS&CatalogNbr=575
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MCS&CatalogNbr=575
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MCS&CatalogNbr=575
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MCS&CatalogNbr=575
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=504
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=508
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=509
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=520
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=520
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=520
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=520
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=520
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=520
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=521
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=521
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=NMS&CatalogNbr=521
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=460
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=461
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=489
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=489
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=489
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=490
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=490
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=490
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=490
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=490
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=ART&CatalogNbr=490
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Opening: network-engineering.txt
Course already has been parsed: TDC 405
Course already has been parsed: TDC 411
Course already has been parsed: TDC 413
Course already has been parsed: TDC 460
Course already has been parsed: TDC 463
Course already has been parsed: TDC 477
Course already has been parsed: TDC 511
Course already has been parsed: TDC 560
Course already has been parsed: TDC 563
Course already has been parsed: TDC 577
Opening: pa-comp.txt
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 412
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 455
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: IS 467
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 555
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 521
Course already has been parsed: CSC 433
Course already has been parsed: CSC 578
Course already has been parsed: CSC 425
Course already has been parsed: CSC 433
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 481
Course already has been parsed: CSC 482
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 521
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 543
Course already has been parsed: CSC 555
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 576
Course already has been parsed: CSC 594
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: GEO 441
Course already has been parsed: GEO 442
Course already has been parsed: HCI 512
Course already has been parsed: IPD 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 549
Course already has been parsed: IS 574
Course already has been parsed: IS 578
Course already has been parsed: MGT 559
Course already has been parsed: MKT 555
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=530
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=534
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=595
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 697
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 698
Opening: pa-healthcare.txt
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 412
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 455
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: IS 467
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: MGT 559
Course already has been parsed: CSC 425
Course already has been parsed: CSC 433
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 481
Course already has been parsed: CSC 482
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 521
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 543
Course already has been parsed: CSC 555
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 576
Course already has been parsed: CSC 594
Course already has been parsed: CSC 598
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: GEO 441
Course already has been parsed: GEO 442
Course already has been parsed: GPH 565
Course already has been parsed: HCI 512
Course already has been parsed: IPD 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 549
Course already has been parsed: IS 574
Course already has been parsed: IS 578
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 672
Course already has been parsed: CSC 697
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 698
Opening: pa-hospitality.txt
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 412
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 455
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: IS 467
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=561
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=562
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=HSP&CatalogNbr=563
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 425
Course already has been parsed: CSC 433
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 481
Course already has been parsed: CSC 482
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 521
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 543
Course already has been parsed: CSC 555
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 576
Course already has been parsed: CSC 594
Course already has been parsed: CSC 598
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: GEO 441
Course already has been parsed: GEO 442
Course already has been parsed: GPH 565
Course already has been parsed: HCI 512
Course already has been parsed: IPD 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 549
Course already has been parsed: IS 574
Course already has been parsed: IS 578
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 672
Course already has been parsed: CSC 697
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 698

Opening: pa-marketing.txt
Course already has been parsed: IT 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 412
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 455
Course already has been parsed: CSC 423
Course already has been parsed: CSC 424
Course already has been parsed: IS 467
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: MKT 555
Course already has been parsed: MKT 530
Course already has been parsed: MKT 534
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=529
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: MKT 595
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['MKT 798', 'Spring 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:M5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01404atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course not added: ['MKT 798', 'Spring 2011-2012', 'Meeting time:M5:45PM-9:00PM', 'Location:LEWIS 01404atLoop Campus', '', '', '']

Missing Data members on page  
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MKT&CatalogNbr=798
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: CSC 425
Course already has been parsed: CSC 433
Course already has been parsed: CSC 452
Course already has been parsed: CSC 465
Course already has been parsed: CSC 478
Course already has been parsed: CSC 481
Course already has been parsed: CSC 482
Course already has been parsed: CSC 495
Course already has been parsed: CSC 521
Course already has been parsed: CSC 529
Course already has been parsed: CSC 543
Course already has been parsed: CSC 555
Course already has been parsed: CSC 575
Course already has been parsed: CSC 576
Course already has been parsed: CSC 594
Course already has been parsed: CSC 598
Course already has been parsed: ECT 584
Course already has been parsed: GEO 441
Course already has been parsed: GEO 442
Course already has been parsed: GPH 565
Course already has been parsed: HCI 512
Course already has been parsed: IPD 451
Course already has been parsed: IS 549
Course already has been parsed: IS 574
Course already has been parsed: IS 578
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 672
Course already has been parsed: CSC 697
Course already has been parsed: CSC 695
Course already has been parsed: CSC 698
Opening: se-entrepreneurship.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 477
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=570
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: MGT 500
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
Course already has been parsed: CSC 453
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 452
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: SE 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 579
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=502
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: MGT 530
professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

professor name not found: on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'getText'

professor url not found on on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get'

syllabus url not found on
http://www.cdm.depaul.edu/academics/pages/courseinfo.aspx?Subject=MGT&CatalogNbr=535
 ERROR: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'

Course already has been parsed: MKT 555
Course already has been parsed: ACC 500
Course already has been parsed: ACC 555
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 570
Course already has been parsed: SE 491
Course already has been parsed: SE 591
Opening: se-game.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: SE 477
Course already has been parsed: CSC 461
Course already has been parsed: GAM 425
Course already has been parsed: GPH 469
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: GAM 475
Course already has been parsed: GAM 490
Course already has been parsed: GAM 575
Course already has been parsed: SE 452
Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 560
Course already has been parsed: CSC 438
Course already has been parsed: CSC 453
Course already has been parsed: CSC 462
Course already has been parsed: CSC 471
Course already has been parsed: CSC 472
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: SE 457
Course already has been parsed: SE 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: SE 549
Course already has been parsed: SE 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 581
Course already has been parsed: CNS 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: CNS 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: SE 579
Course already has been parsed: IS 556
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 565
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
Course already has been parsed: HCI 430
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 546
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: CSC 447
Course already has been parsed: CSC 448
Course already has been parsed: CSC 548
Course already has been parsed: CSC 535
Course already has been parsed: GAM 453
Course already has been parsed: GAM 576
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 696
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 698
Course already has been parsed: SE 491
Course already has been parsed: SE 591
Course already has been parsed: GAM 690
Course already has been parsed: GAM 691
Opening: se-project.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 477
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 579
Course already has been parsed: SE 452
Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 560
Course already has been parsed: CSC 438
Course already has been parsed: CSC 453
Course already has been parsed: CSC 461
Course already has been parsed: CSC 462
Course already has been parsed: CSC 471
Course already has been parsed: CSC 472
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: SE 457
Course already has been parsed: SE 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: SE 549
Course already has been parsed: SE 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 581
Course already has been parsed: CNS 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: CNS 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: IS 556
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 565
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
Course already has been parsed: HCI 430
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 546
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: CSC 447
Course already has been parsed: CSC 448
Course already has been parsed: CSC 548
Course already has been parsed: CSC 535
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: GAM 453
Course already has been parsed: GAM 475
Course already has been parsed: GAM 490
Course already has been parsed: GAM 575
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 696
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 698
Course already has been parsed: SE 491
Course already has been parsed: SE 591
Opening: se-software.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: SE 477
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 457
Course already has been parsed: SE 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 581
Course already has been parsed: SE 452
Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 560
Course already has been parsed: CSC 438
Course already has been parsed: CSC 453
Course already has been parsed: CSC 461
Course already has been parsed: CSC 462
Course already has been parsed: CSC 471
Course already has been parsed: CSC 472
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: SE 457
Course already has been parsed: SE 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: SE 549
Course already has been parsed: SE 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 581
Course already has been parsed: CNS 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: CNS 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: SE 579
Course already has been parsed: IS 556
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 565
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
Course already has been parsed: HCI 430
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 546
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: CSC 447
Course already has been parsed: CSC 448
Course already has been parsed: CSC 548
Course already has been parsed: CSC 535
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: GAM 453
Course already has been parsed: GAM 475
Course already has been parsed: GAM 490
Course already has been parsed: GAM 575
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 696
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 698
Course already has been parsed: SE 491
Course already has been parsed: SE 591
Opening: se-softwareDev.txt
Course already has been parsed: CSC 400
Course already has been parsed: CSC 401
Course already has been parsed: CSC 402
Course already has been parsed: CSC 403
Course already has been parsed: CSC 406
Course already has been parsed: CSC 407
Course already has been parsed: SE 477
Course already has been parsed: SE 430
Course already has been parsed: SE 433
Course already has been parsed: SE 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 452
Course already has been parsed: SE 459
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 482
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 560
Course already has been parsed: CSC 438
Course already has been parsed: CSC 453
Course already has been parsed: CSC 461
Course already has been parsed: CSC 462
Course already has been parsed: CSC 471
Course already has been parsed: CSC 472
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: SE 457
Course already has been parsed: SE 480
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: SE 549
Course already has been parsed: SE 554
Course already has been parsed: SE 581
Course already has been parsed: CNS 450
Course already has been parsed: SE 525
Course already has been parsed: SE 526
Course already has been parsed: CSC 439
Course already has been parsed: CSC 435
Course already has been parsed: CSC 536
Course already has been parsed: CSC 552
Course already has been parsed: CNS 533
Course already has been parsed: SE 475
Course already has been parsed: SE 529
Course already has been parsed: SE 579
Course already has been parsed: IS 556
Course already has been parsed: IS 535
Course already has been parsed: IS 565
Course already has been parsed: IS 560
Course already has been parsed: HCI 441
Course already has been parsed: HCI 430
Course already has been parsed: HCI 440
Course already has been parsed: SE 453
Course already has been parsed: SE 546
Course already has been parsed: SE 533
Course already has been parsed: CSC 447
Course already has been parsed: CSC 448
Course already has been parsed: CSC 548
Course already has been parsed: CSC 535
Course already has been parsed: SE 456
Course already has been parsed: GAM 453
Course already has been parsed: GAM 475
Course already has been parsed: GAM 490
Course already has been parsed: GAM 575
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 696
Course already has been parsed: SE 695
Course already has been parsed: SE 698
Course already has been parsed: SE 491
Course already has been parsed: SE 591
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
there are 5071 elements in 
>>> 